Flaky Tests Policies [DOCS-10820] (#30887)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/flaky_management/_index.md

<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: Status actions have minimum version requirements for each programming language's instrumentation library. See <a href="#compatibility">Compatibility</a> for details.</div>

## Configure policies to automate the flaky test lifecycle

Configure automated Flaky Tests Policies to govern how flaky tests are handled in each repository. For example, a test that flakes in the default branch can automatically be quarantined, and later disabled if it remains unfixed after 30 days.

1. Click the **Policies** button at the upper right of the Flaky Management page. You can also navigate to [**Flaky Tests Policies**][11] in Software Delivery settings.
2. Search for and select the repository you want to configure. This opens the **Edit Policies** flyout.
    {{< img src="tests/flaky-policies.png" alt="Flaky Tests Policies page with the Edit Policies flyout open to configure a policy" style="width:100%;" >}}

3. Use the toggles to enable specific automated actions, and use automation rules to further customize how tests get quarantined, disabled, or retried:

| Action    | Description |
| ---- | ---- |

> | **Quarantine**     | Toggle to allow flaky tests to be quarantined for this repository. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Time: Quarantine a test if its status is Active for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Quarantine an Active test if it flakes in one or more specified branches.|

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the document where statuses use inline code

```suggestion
| **Quarantine**     | Toggle to allow flaky tests to be quarantined for this repository. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Time: Quarantine a test if its status is `Active` for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: `Quarantine` an `Active` test if it flakes in one or more specified branches.|
```

> | **Disable**        | When a test becomes flaky, skip it entirely. You may want to do this after quarantining or persistent flakiness. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Status and time: Disable a test if it has a specified status for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Branch: Disable an Active test if it flakes in one or more specified branches. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Disable**        | Toggle Disable to allow flaky tests to be Disabled for this repository. You may want to do this after quarantining or to protect specific branches from flakiness. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Status and time: Disable a test if it has a specified status for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Disable an Active or Quarantined test if it flakes in one or more specified branches. |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| **Disable**        | Toggle to allow flaky tests to be disabled for this repository. You may want to do this after quarantining or to protect specific branches from flakiness. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Status and time: Disable a test if it has a specified status for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Disable an Active or Quarantined test if it flakes in one or more specified branches. |
```

> | **Disable**        | Toggle to allow flaky tests to be disabled for this repository. You may want to do this after quarantining or to protect specific branches from flakiness. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Status and time: Disable a test if it has a specified status for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Disable an Active or Quarantined test if it flakes in one or more specified branches. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Disable**        | Toggle to allow flaky tests to be disabled for this repository. You may want to do this after quarantining or to protect specific branches from flakiness. Customize automation rules based on: <li>Status and time: Disable a test if it has a specified status for a specified number of days. <li>Branch: Disable an `Active` or `Quarantined` test if it flakes in one or more specified branches. |
```
